Ah, why can't I stand still?
Maybe it's been in the sack for too long.
Sour and numb
I'll help you up and try to walk around
No, my feet have no strength at all
What's going on here?
That's trouble
What's wrong brother
Do you feel dizzy?
tailbone soreness
Yes, brother.
You've been stuffed in the sack for too long
Causing a lack of oxygen to the brain
Nerve damage
Paralyzed the lower body
What? Me?
I was paralyzed.
Yes, no.
I was so young.
Never been in love
Paralyzed, what should I do?
If you believe me
Follow me to my place
I'm trying to figure out where to go
Brother, don't comfort me
How can paralysis be cured?
If you believe me, believe me
If you don't believe me, forget it.
Ok I believe brother
Okay, then I'll take you away
Take off your clothes and lie down
What take off take off your clothes